Question 1
For each error on problem 1 (initial ERD), indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

A workorder cannot be created unless at least 1 task is known.
Correct
Provide details from your evaluation of problem 1 (initial ERD) using the grading rubric.

Question 2
For each error on problem 2 (revised ERD), indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

For the Auto Dealership ERD shown in Figure 1, identify and resolve errors and note
incompleteness in the specifications. Your solution should include a list of errors and a
revised ERD. For each error, identify the type of error (diagram or design) and the specific
error within each error type. Note that the ERD may have both diagram and design errors.
Specifications for the ERD are presented in the following narrative.
Correct
Provide details from your evaluation of problem 2 (revised ERD) using the grading rubric.

Question 3
For each error on problem 3, indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

Diagram error 1: The identifying IncomeOf relationship must have a minimum
cardinality of 1 for Account. Identifying relationships cannot be optional for the child
entity type.
• Design error 2: Account should not be a weak entity type as the narrative indicates
that AcctId is unique. If Account is a regular entity type, the IncomeOf and
ExpenseOf relationships should be regular, not identifying.
• Design error 3: The cardinality of IncomeOf is reversed. The narrative indicates that
each payment has an account and accounts are related to a collection of payments.
• Design error 4: The cardinality of ExpenseOf is reversed. The narrative indicates that
each expense has an account and accounts are related to a collection of expenses.
• Design error 5: The minimum cardinality of MakesSale should be 0 for Vehicle. The
narrative indicates that a vehicle can remain on the lot some days before a sale is
made.
• Design error 6: The minimum cardinality of Sold should be 0 for Vehicle. The
narrative indicates that a vehicle can remain on the lot some days before a sale and
related payments are made.
• Design error 7: The Process relationship is redundant with the MakesSale and Sold
relationships. The narrative indicates that the same employee makes the sale and
processes the payment.
• Design error 8: The minimum cardinality of Purchases should be 0 for Vehicle. The
narrative indicates that a vehicle can remain on the lot some days before a sale and
related payments are made. Before sale, a vehicle is not related to a customer.
• Here is the revised ERD correcting these errors. 
