Question 1
For each error on problem 1, indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

Draw an ERD to track lab tests performed by a medical laboratory on clients. The database
should track basic client details including a unique client identifier, client name, client
insurance provider (if any), client address, client date of birth, and client sex. The database
should track the unique identifier for the lab test, the test type identifier, the date and time
when the test was administered, and the identifier of the lab employee performing the lab
test. A client can request multiple tests in a visit to the lab. The database only contains clients
who have had lab tests performed. Each lab test is administered to one client.
Correct
Provide details from your evaluation of problem 1 using the grading rubric.

Question 2
For each error on problem 2, indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

Revise the ERD from problem 2 with more details about test types. A test type includes a
unique test type identifier, a test type name, a test cost, and a test type code. The test
administered to a client is associated with one test type. A test type can be administered to
multiple clients. A test type can exist in the database without ever being administered.
Correct
Provide details from your evaluation of problem 2 using the grading rubric.

Question 3
For each error on problem 3, indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

Revise the ERD from problem 2 with test type items. A test type item includes a unique test
item identifier, a test item name, test item unit of measure, and a test item description. A test
type includes one or more test items. A test item can be part of one or more test types. Do not
use an M-N relationship
Correct
Provide details from your evaluation of problem 3 using the grading rubric.

Question 4
For each error on problem 4, indicate the error type, a brief description of the error, and lessons learned or insights from the error. If you did not make any errors, indicate that your solution satisfied the assignment requirements.

Revise problem 3 so that an M-N relationship is used
