Question 1
What is a column expression?
a combination of constants, column names, functions, and operators that produces a value
Question 2
The conceptual evaluation process indicates that?
row operations occur intermixed with group operations. 
Question 3
COUNT(*) calculates?
the count of rows in the result.
Question 4
The difference between COUNT(<ColumnName>) and COUNT(DISTINCT <ColumnName>) is?
COUNT(<ColumnName>) includes duplicate values but COUNT(DISTINCT <ColumnName>) ignores duplicate values.
Question 5
Indicate components of the cross product join style in a SELECT statement. This question allows multiple answers.
1,4
Question 6
What formats are allowable for date formats in PostgreSQL? This question allows multiple answers.?
2,3
Question 7
For complex problems involving joins and grouping, you can decompose a SELECT statement by
executing row operations alone without group operations. 
Question 8
What is the relationship between the GROUP BY and HAVING clauses?
A HAVING clause must be preceded by a GROUP BY clause.
Question 9
A condition involving an aggregate function must be placed in the HAVING clause.?
True
Question 10
Grouping in a SELECT statement only occurs one time.
True
Question 11
How is a condition involving inexact text matching specified?
LIKE operator with meta characters in a pattern
Question 12
Indicate components of the join operator style in a SELECT statement.?
the INNER JOIN and ON keywords in the FROM clause
Question 13
When mixing the logical AND and OR operators in the WHERE clause, you should
always use parentheses to clarify the order of evaluation.
Question 14
Name qualification is required if more than one table in a SELECT statement contains the same column name referenced in the statement.
True
15.
Question 15
What are the requirements of the natural join operator? This question allows multiple answers.?
1,3,4
Question 16
A SELECT statement with an aggregate function in the result and no GROUP BY clause (no grouping columns) generates
at most one row.
Question 17
A condition not involving an aggregate function can be placed in the WHERE or HAVING clauses.
False
18.
Question 18
What is the relationship between the columns appearing in a SELECT clause and columns in a GROUP BY clause?
The non aggregate columns in the SELECT clause must match the columns in the GROUP BY clause.
Question 19
SQL contains statements for (multiple answers possible)
1,2,4
Question 20
What happens to unmatched rows in a join operation?
Unmatched rows from both tables are removed in the result of a join operation.
