Question 1
The persistent property of databases indicates?
Data reside on stable storage as the long-term memory of an organization.
Question 2
The inter-related property of databases indicates ?
Databases maintain connections or relationships among entities to store business interactions
Question 3
The shared property of databases indicates?
Databases can have multiple users and uses (applications).
Question 4
What is the meaning of the SQL acronym?
Structured Query Language
Question 5
Identify important DBMS features. More than one answer is possible.?
1,2,3
Question 6
Indicate the work emphasis of a database administrator. More than one answer is possible.?
1,3
Question 7
Indicate the work emphasis of a data administrator. More than one answer is possible.?
2,4
Question 8
What is an enterprise DBMS?
Ssupports mission critical information systems with high performance for storage, transaction processing, and scalability
Question 9
What is a desktop DBMS?
Supports small workgroups with modest performance and reliability capabilities
Question 10
What is an embedded DBMS?
Supports servers for website usage
Question 11
Languages for non-procedural database access have explicit statements for looping.?
False
Question 12
What tools do enterprise DBMSs provide for non-procedural access? More than one answer is possible.?
1,2,3
Question 13
What are the benefits of non-procedural database access? More than one answer is possible.?
1,2
Question 14
Indicate reasons that organizations use database programming languages. More than one reason is possible.?
1,2,4
Question 15
What statements are true about database transactions. More than one answer is possible.?
1,2,4
Question 16
Identify services provided in database transaction processing. More than one answer is possible.?
2,3
Question 17
Identify decision making levels with primary support by data warehouses. More than one answer is possible.?
2,3
Question 18
Identify characteristics of data warehouses. More than one answer is possible.?
1,3,4
Question 19
Indicate characteristics of fourth generation DBMS products.?
Object-oriented, NoSQL
Question 20
Indicate recent areas of development for database technology. More than one answer is possible.?
1,3,4
